vale: add page (#8851)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/vale.md

# vale

> Extensible style checker that supports multiple markup formats, such as Markdown and AsciiDoc.

> > More information: <https://vale.sh/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://vale.sh>.
```

- Check the style of a file:

`vale {{file}}`

- Check the style of a file with a specified configuration:

`vale --config='{{path/to/.vale.ini}}' {{file}}`

- Output the results in JSON format:

`vale --output=JSON {{file}}`

> - Only list issues at or above the specified severity:

Reviewer: Perhaps this better
```suggestion
- Check style issues at the specific severity and higher:
```

`vale --minAlertLeve={{suggestion|warning|error}} {{file}}`

> - Check the style from STDIN, specifying markup format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check the style from stdin, specifying markup format:
```
